Add a webhook for namespace deletion (#719)
kubernetes-sigs/kernel-module-management: docs/mkdocs/documentation/deploy_kmod.md

    This includes the `ServiceAccount` that are referenced in the `Module` as well as any RBAC you may have defined to
    allow privileged KMM worker Pods to run.
    It also includes any pull secret referenced in `.spec.imageRepoSecret`.  
    To avoid situations where KMM is unable to unload the kernel module from nodes, make sure those resources are not
    deleted while the `Module` resource is still present in the cluster in any state, including `Terminating`.  

>     KMM ships with an admission webhook that rejects the deletion of namespaces that contain at least one `Module`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    KMM ships with a validating admission webhook that rejects the deletion of namespaces that contain at least one `Module`
```

Author: Fixed, thanks!
